once he learned the piano than me he
learned the drums he learned the base
he's just an artist he can just see his
vision of art is phenomenal
my parents had me start taking piano
lessons at about four or five knots
tourney but I had formal lessons in
classical music and I started working
professionally as a pianist in Chicago
playing the trios solos when I stood
start playing drums I used to practice
each one each history with four hours a
day having the piano knowledge helped me
the way I tuned my drums and away I
related to harmony melody and rhythm
so I have a penchant for writing
compositions dedicated to the artists
who've inspired me so for the recording
I wrote especially a composition that
was inspired by her exotic
and he wrote a few Ginny P DS and it's
something about those pieces that just
make you feel at peace and tranquil so
sat down to piano at home and just
started with bass notes and the chords
but I didn't wanted to take off you know
exactly but I wanted to get that flavor
the essence of salty
my process of composing mostly I write
at the piano sometimes I'll come up with
titles and the composition will come as
a result of the time
and usually I improvise you know the
melodies of a chords and I find
something that grabs me then I'll move
around
you know I'm like a colorist on the
drums I think of myself more as the
colours like a painter so you know I can
work within time but I can also be free
of it more elastic in that sense and
piano is the same way
well one of the reasons I chose to play
the Fazioli which is the nine-foot
grande we have here was actually through
Herbie Hancock and actually Jerry Allen
and both of them were raving about
actually Jerry made a recorded I think a
recording Oh conquer I was on it with
her and she asked for a Fazioli I think
for that recording
I decided to record with develop because
uh they came to me and said be like you
do solo piano work and and we want to do
it on vinyl which was unique and
intriguing so it sort of gives me
inspiration to develop some new
compositions you know one of the best
musical endeavors of I've ever done